Welcome to the Task Environment reference page!
Fair warning, the purpose of this is to help me study for my midterm!
With that out of the way, below you'll find all that you need to know about the task environment.

Fully Observable - The agent can see the whole environment
ex) Chess - A player can see the whole board at all times.

Partially Observable - The agent is limited to a certain scope of the environment.
ex) Magic the Gathering - One player can only see the cards in his or her hands at any given time, unless a card states otherwise.

Single Agent - Anything that can be perceived by its environment by sensors.
ex) PacMan in a world with just pellets.

Multi Agent - Serveral different agents affecting the state of one environment.
ex) Mario Kart - Several different players interacting with one another.

Deterministic - The outcome of a game can be determined based on the current state.
ex) Tic-tac-toe - It's a very simple game in which you can predict the end state of the game fairly easily. Pokemon games are another example of this.

Stochastic - The outcome of a game is unkown.
ex) Super Street Fighter IV Arcade mode - It's hard to determine who exactly will win in this game.

Discrete - There are a finite set of possible outcomes for a game. 
ex) The last of us - There are several different ways to get to the end game but the goal is all the same.

Continuous - There are continually new possibilities of outcomes.
ex) World of warcraft - This is a large old school MMORPG with no actual end goal.

Static - The data knowledge to an agent won't change over time.
ex) The questions on an online dating site.

Dynamic - The data knowledge, to an agent, can change at any moment
ex) Some online questionaires change the course of action based off of how a user might answer a question and how long it might take.

Episodic - Previous actions that have been taken don't really do much with determining what might happen in the next state.
ex) A really bad dating questionaire that tries to determine what kind of person you are.

Sequential - Each state is linked to one another.
ex) Tic-tac-toe - Each state is the result of an action made by the previous state.
